I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Best Friend.
Peppa is Waiting for her
best friend, Suzy Sheep.
Hello, Suzy!
Baaaa! Hello, Peppa.
Suzy Sheep has come to play With Peppa.
Peppa loves Suzy.
Suzy loves Peppa.
They are best friends.
Peppa, Why don't you and Suzy
go and play in your bedroom?
Yes, Mummy!
George Wants to play, too.
Peppa and Suzy love
playing in Peppa's bedroom.
So does George.
No, George.
This game is just for big girls.
Go and play With your own toys.
Peppa and Suzy Want to
play on their own.
I'm a tiny little
fairy princess!
I'm going to
Wave my magic Wand...
and turn you into a frog!
George doesn't like playing on his own.
George Wants to play, too.
No, George!
I'm playing With Suzy...
You'll have to play
somewhere else.
George Wants to play With Peppa.
He feels a bit Ionely.
George, I need some help!!
I'm making
chocolate chip cookies!!
Someone needs to
lick out the bowl.
George likes helping Mummy
make cookies.
But he likes playing With Peppa more.
Baaaa! I Want to be a nurse!
I Want to be a doctor.
But Who's gonna be
the sick person?
GEORGe!!!
Peppa and Suzy love playing
doctors and nurses.
So does George.
Peppa listens to George's chest.
Now, George, take a big breath in...
then cough.
Mm, I think your heart's
a bit loose...
...I'll put a plaster on it.
Baa! Open Wide, please.
Suzy takes George's temperature.
Oh, dear, you're very, very hot.
I think you have to
stay in bed for three years.
Daddy Pig has come to find George.
Oh, no! What's Wrong With George?
Don't Worry, Daddy.
It's only a game.
George is our patient.
Oh, I see.
Can the patient have a visitor?
Just for a little While.
He might get tired.
Cookies!!!
Yes, they're for George.
They're his medicine
to make him feel better.
Um, excuse me, doctor,
Can you help me?
I have a sore tummy.
That tickles!
I can hear it rumbling.
I think you're hungry, Daddy.
Then I think I need
lots of cookies to make me better.
And me!
And me! Baa
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.